grid.html

This is a sudoku solver. The intention is to adapt it to use the grid component under development in this project.

It needs a savepoint feature so I can copy out a given sudoku, set a savepoint and be sure I can't undo past it.

URI for Guardian Sudoku: https://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/series/sudoku

250518

Goal: improve layout. I want the div containing the keyboard navigation to place on the right of the grid
	as long as there is room. and I want it under the grid if not.
	The "permanent link" div should always be at the bottom.
	
	Sounds easy enough, but unless I want to just whack at it until it vaguely does what I want it to, it's 
	not as simple. Layout is pretty complex.
	
250602
	Not only is layout a complex topic all by itself, the various defaults that exist don't help.
	E.g. for what I wanted to achieve, I had to style the div containing the keys with flex-shrink: 0, 
	the default is 1.
	
	It still doesn't look great, I need margins / padding.
	Generally, from outside in, a box has margin, border, padding, content.
	
250607
	How this works (1):
		there is an object of class Model inside IIFE (immediately executed function expression)
			apparently many of the use cases of IIFEs are obsoleted by modules and block scoped declarations 
			according to https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/function#using_an_immediately_invoked_function_expression_iife
		
		inside that function, an event listener for the DOMContentLoaded event is set which 
			creates the cells in the gridContainer
				uses the makeGridCell function which adds divs and sets classes as required
			sets cell values from the search element of the URL (that's the part after the ?)
			installs event listeners for keydown on the document and click on the gridContainer

250608
	Savepoints need names. Use window.prompt(message, default) function.
	There is an undoRedo object which currently is a Move[]. 
		A savepoint has a name and an index in undoRedo which it refers to.
		Applying a savepoint means undoing all moves after the savepoint / redoing all moves before the savepoint.
		
		I.e. there is something which knows about savepoints and which knows undoRedo. That could be a function.
			I have a setValue() function which does something similar for the grid
			creating an addSavepoint function for this is natural
		
		Redrawing the savepoint list is different from redrawing grid: #of elements may have changed, should delete all children.
			can't remember how to, leave for later.

250614
	Had a brief look at Eclipse for working with this - thanks but no thanks, looks like too much shell around what I actually want.

	I can add savepoints and they get displayed when the page is redrawn. The styling leaves much to be desired and obvs the savepoints don't do anything.
		I want the SP list to have a reasonable fixed width, and if a name is too long for that width, it should wrap, in the middle of the word if necessary.
		
	should brush up on units. What's an em again?

250615
	Idea for deleting savepoints: have 2 divs, one with name, one with something that deletes the SP when clicked.
	
	Struggling with the layout of those again. They are contained in a div, which has display: inline-block and width 100% 
		of its container, but they are displayed vertically. The demo for display on MDN looks different.
		Can't read the source for the page, the example they have uses an "article" element that I do not know.
		
		I will have to do a spike for myself.
		
		<article> in the example is in essence a <div>. The elements contained in the <article> are <span>s, that's what 
		confused me. The contained elements in the demo are probably also <span>s.
		
		Lessons: 
			- if you want <div>s to be layed out vertically, you have to use display: flex (or grid, probably).
			- if a sample includes JS code which accesses the DOM (like the MDN display example does), you must wrap this code 
				in a "DOMContentLoaded" event handler, otherwise the JS code will fail.